README — K-MEANS ALGORITHM
COSC150 Project 2
Author: Leslie Kim
NetID: LK584

CONTENTS:
This directory contains an executable jar file, a zip archive file, an
IMAGES directory and README file.
The jar file is an executable file to run the Snake game. It was tested on
Java 1.8.0_25-b17.
The zip file contains all java and class files for each class for the Snake
game, and JUnit Test files. Included are several class JUnit Tests. The
parameterized JUnit Test is for a method in the Board class.
The IMAGES directory contains screenshots of the initial Snake interface, 
what the GUI looks like at the beginning of each level and a screenshot
of each level while being played.

DESCRIPTION:
This is a recreation of the game Snake.

The main is run in SnakeGUI class. It creates an SnakeGUI object which 
creates a Board and SidePanel (JPanel extensions) and allows users to play
the classic Snake game. No arguments are needed to run the game. There are
three levels. In each level, the snake (green) must move around the board
using the arrow keys or W/D/A/S keys and try to eat the apples (red) which
are all one unit. In higher levels, there are walls/barriers that the snake
cannot hit. The snake also cannot hit itself. Hitting the wall or itself
will cause the game to end. If a player loses, the Side Panel will read
“Game over!” at the bottom of the panel.

Level 1 starts with a snake body of one unit and the player tries to eat
the apples with no walls/barriers.
Level 2 starts with a longer snake body which moves a little faster and an
initial board layout which includes a cross section in the center of the
board of Walls that the snake cannot hit. Each time an apple is eaten, a
random barrier of one unit is placed on the board.
Level 3 starts with an even longer snake body, faster speed, and more wall/
barriers initially on the board. As is in Level 2, each time an apple is
eaten, a random barrier of one unit is placed on the board.

Each java file contains a detailed description of the class and its
constructor(s) and methods.

EXTRA CREDIT:
1) Timer is used.
2) Extra barriers are included in the design.
3) Extra level.
